# LibreTime Spending Policy

## Terms

- Contributor - a member of the Contributors team of the GitHub LibreTime
  organization
- Maintainer - a member of the Maintainers team of the GitHub LibreTime
  organization
- Administrator - a member of the Administrator team of the GitHub LibreTime
  organization

## Leadership structure

The project is lead by a board of Administrators. This board answers to the
Contributors. It decides on the group of Maintainers (with the help of the
existing maintainers) and administers the Open Collective. This means that
members of the board have administrator accounts on the LibreTime Open
Collective.

The maintainers are appointed by the board and are responsible for reviewing and
merging patches as described in C4. They identify and recommend members of the
community who should be made Contributors to the board. The board then considers
the recommendation before making the final decision.

## Projects

Any Contributor, Maintainer or Administrator can propose a project related to
LibreTime (demo, website, documentation, feature implementation, etc.) that
could be funded by the LibreTime Open Collective. All proposals must include an
estimated cost. Any additional costs will need additional approval. These
proposals are considered by the board and if approved, the Contributor,
Maintainer or Administrator can request refunds from the Open Collective by
uploading the associated invoices to be approved by the Administrators.

All project proposals must be made via the Organization repository on GitHub by
means of an Issue. These Issues must use the Project Proposal template.

## Reimbursements

Any Contributor, Maintainer or Administrator can request reimbursement for costs
incurred relating to LibreTime (travel, conference entrance, etc.). These
approval requests must occur before the event. The board then considers the
request and either approves or denies it. After the event, the Contributor,
Maintainer or Administrator must submit an invoice to the Open Collective to be
approved by the Administrators.

All pre-approval requests must be made via the Organization repository on GitHub
by means of an Issue. These Issues must use the Reimbursement Approval template.
